#+TITLE: Extract all Blender hotkeys and operators into Org mode files.

This tool produces two Org mode files from Blender internals: the
first holds tables showing all Blender hotkeys, the second list all
operators available to the Python API.

* Hotkeys

The first Org mode file is named =blender-keys.org=.  The tables it
contains give a quick description for all Blender keys.  The result is
edited and sorted in a way that pleases the author of the tool :-),
but tastes may vary.  Don't hesitate to adjust things so it sorts
and edits your way!

The generated tables help me to get the meaning of a key when I read
documentation saying /Use that particular key/ without explaining what
it does.  At other times, when I'm not fully sure I correctly remember
a key, I may check it first so to not accidentally hurt myself.

I saw many Blender hotkeys tables on the Internet, but most often,
they are outdated, incomplete, and sometimes erroneous.  Some sites
even rely on collaborating users for completing or correcting the
tables, leaving the feeling that they are never going to be
dependable.  This is why I decided to derive such a table directly
from Blender using its Python API, so it gets complete and accurate.

* Operators

The second Org mode file is named =operators.org=, which lists all
available operators in the Python API.

This is nothing more than the information produced by the /Help/ â†’
/Operator Cheat Sheet/ command with Blender, but formatted as a valid
Org mode file.

* Other notes

The tool has been written using Blender 2.68a, and is sensitive to the
version of Blender: I noticed it does not work for Blender 2.63.
Either use the generated =blender-keys.org= and =operators.org= files, or
adjust and use the included Makefile for creating them afresh.

Daniel Schalla created http://blenderkeys.be-untitled.eu/, which is a
Web application interrogating the data produced by this tool, here.

Have fun with this.  My only demand is that you share with me any
interesting improvement you develop! :-)
